3/28/15
	PSQL Back-Up
	Display Recent Additions in Chunk Selector
	Test glitch recording studio more
	Submit & display images facility
	Explanation of couplet format on forms DONE
	Explanation of couplet format on contribute page
	Update link to download the instrumental: http://infiniteglitch.net/instrumentals/dgacousticlikMP3.mp3
	Short prompt or two for the Story field (how'd you hear about? What was hard about? etc)
	Fix Set Transitions
	Set a “release” date
	Test the website HARD and get a few close friends to check it out as well and feedback
	Update Artist search alphabetization (remove "the" and address Last, First formatting)
	Clean up and document code
	HTML and CSS Validation

2/18/15
	PSQL Back-Up DONE
	Populate Front End Images and Players DONE
	Have Scott Test Admin PARTIAL
	MultiThread Audition DONE
	Generate Single Track - multithread DONE
	Implement 8-Ball DONE
	Implement Keywords - with administration DONE
	Implement Segment Browse/Search DONE

REQUIREMENTS
        Add Navigation and Informational Pages (everything on current site)
        Simple Design and Design Implementation
        Ensure we have all of the Correct Tracks and Versions without Duplicates
        Test (load testing, various platforms, browsers)
        Fix issues
        Point Domain Name to it and “publish”
-- All this should be easy enough, and necessary.
        Status/heartbeat URL endpoint
        Monitor: ping heartbeat, email if unsuccessful (for any definition of "unsuccessful")

RECOMMENDATIONS
        A Login/Sign Up page invites people to register or log in, to gain the ability to submit tracks, enqueue existing tracks, etc.
        Anyone not logged in is a guest. Guests basically have the same UI as we see today.
        Admins log in using the same page, and can - in addition to what regular logged-in users can do - approve tracks for publication.
        Auto-email admin(s) when tracks are submitted
        Sort/filter tracks in admin section (just add a way to configure what's displayed)
        Regular users need to be able to see their own submitted tracks, but can't enqueue or edit them. There will be an ID listed, which the user can quote to an admin (eg in email) saying "Please withdraw this track", or somesuch.
        The queue will no longer have any sorting done of its own. Instead of calling get_many_mp3() to enumerate all tracks,  enqueue_tracks() would repeatedly add a single track, and only if there's nothing explicitly enqueued. (How does it pick a track? Maybe random?)

STRONG DESIRES
        Add the story and/or artist info for each segment to show when user clicks on it as it goes by in player
-- Curating the data is the time-consuming part
-- Might be worth storing some of this in git, rather than the database - GitHub + PRs rather than writing your own edit screens
../stories/%d.txt
        A less simple Design and Design Implementation
        Offer users a UJam.com template to play with in creating their own segment
        Add lyrics from each segment to database, which could be displayed individually or all together
-- Displayed all together is easy enough. Just a pile of textual metadata like the story/artist info. Displaying individually would be rather harder - sync issues beset us already, let's not make 'em worse.
        Alternate forms of login eg Google, Facebook, Twitter (mostly OAuth) - alternates which can be used instead of passwords, though we'll still have to support passwords for obvious reasons

REALLY COOL
        Allow Users to Browse or Search tracks based on tags (style, attitude, instrumentation) and insert into the queue
-- That's a lot more work, leave that for later
-- have to be concerned with spammers and trolls
        Stats on how often a particular track has been inserted - a simple popularity contest
        List of "Hidden gems" - tracks with low popularity
        Regular users might want the ability to edit their own tracks, either before or after the track is approved.
        Prevent abuse of the enqueue feature - eg disallow the same track more than N times within M tracks
